http://feeds.feedburner.com/2ality javascript
http://feeds.feedburner.com/addyosmani javascript
http://feeds.feedburner.com/codinghorror programming
http://feeds.feedburner.com/html5rocks html5
http://planet.python.org/rss20.xml python
http://joedicastro.com/rss.xml python
http://lucumr.pocoo.org/feed.atom python
http://feeds.feedburner.com/HighScalability High scalability
http://www.perfplanet.com/rss.xml web performance
https://groups.google.com/group/vim_announce/feed/atom_v1_0_msgs.xml vim
http://inconsolation.wordpress.com/feed/ cli
http://onethingwell.org/rss software
http://feeds.feedburner.com/JavascriptJabber javascript
http://feeds.feedburner.com/JavascriptJavascript javascript
http://radiofreepython.com/high_quality.rss python
http://un.ix.io/xml unix
http://www.mnot.net/blog/index.atom web

http://www.rtve.es/api/programas/1940/audios.rss Duendeando, flamenco
http://flamencolicos.wordpress.com/feed/ flamenco
http://www.letrasdeflamenco.com/feeds/posts/default Letras de flamenco

http://mangafox.me/rss/naruto.xml manga
http://mangafox.me/rss/one_piece.xml manga
http://mangafox.me/rss/fairy_tail.xml manga

http://alejandrogomez.github.com/wikimaps/atom.xml Wikimaps
https://www.concursosoftwarelibre.org/1213/aggregator/rss Planet CUSL
